Documentation patch (#82)
griffithlab/civicpy: docs/civic.rst

      A string indicating the type of clinical significance statement being made, values are defined based on
      the corresponding :attr:`evidence_type`. Please see `Understanding Clinical Significance`_ for more
      details on the expected values for this field.

   .. attribute:: description
      statement

      The Evidence Statement (returned as `description` by the CIViC API) is a brief summary of the clinical implications of the :attr:`variant` in the context of the specific :attr:`disease`, :attr:`evidence_type`, and :attr:`clinical_significance` as curated from the cited literature source.

   .. attribute:: disease

      The cancer or cancer subtype context for the evidence record.

   .. attribute:: drugs

      Zero or more drug :class:`CivicAttribute`, linked to corresponding `NCIT`_ terms when applicable. Only used with
      therapeutic response predictive :attr:`evidence_type`.

   .. attribute:: drug_interaction_type

      One of 'Combination', 'Sequential', or 'Substitutes', this field describes how multiple indicated drugs within
      a therapeutic response predictive :attr:`evidence_type` are related.

   .. attribute:: evidence_direction

>       A string indicating whether the evidence statement supports or refutes the clinical significance of an event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      One of 'Supports', 'Does Not Support' or 'N/A', indicating whether the evidence statement supports or refutes the clinical significance of an event. The evidence_direction is 'N/A' for Predisposing evidence items.
```

   .. attribute:: evidence_type

      Category of clinical action/relevance implicated by event. Refer to the additional `documentation on evidence types`_
      for details on how to enter evidence of each of the four types: Predictive, Prognostic, Predisposing and Diagnostic.

   .. attribute:: gene_id

      An integer designating the :attr:`CivicRecord.id` for the gene associated with this evidence record.

   .. attribute:: lifecycle_actions

      A :class:`LifecycleAction` container.

   .. attribute:: name

      A system-generated unique identifier for the evidence record, e.g. `EID7`.

   .. attribute:: phenotypes

      Zero or more phenotype :class:`CivicAttribute`, linked to corresponding Human Phenotype Ontology (`HPO`_) terms
      when applicable.

   .. attribute:: rating

      The Evidence Rating is an integer from 1 to 5, indicating the curator’s confidence in the quality of the summarized evidence as a number of stars. For more information about this metric, please see `Understanding Evidence Ratings`_.

   .. attribute:: source

      A :class:`CivicAttribute` source object from which this evidence was derived.

   .. attribute:: status

>       One of 'accepted', 'rejected', or 'submitted', describing the state of this evidence in the CIViC curation cycle.

Author: ```suggestion
      One of 'accepted', 'rejected', or 'submitted', describing the state of this evidence in the CIViC curation cycle. An evidence item needs to be reviewed by a CIViC editor before being accepted or rejected. Therefore "submitted" evidence might not be accurate or complete.
```

Author: In response to [Susi's suggestion](https://github.com/griffithlab/civicpy/pull/82/files/559f990768104a652c97c3b077097978e0bbea8c#r425141416).

>       - *submitted*: This evidence has been submitted by a CIViC curator or editor

Reviewer: I would add something like "It needs to be reviewed by a CIViC editor before being accepted or rejected. It might therefore not be accurate or complete."

   .. attribute:: drug_interaction_type

      One of 'Combination', 'Sequential', or 'Substitutes', this field describes how multiple indicated drugs within
      a therapeutic response predictive :attr:`evidence_type` assertion are related.

   .. attribute:: evidence_direction

>       A string indicating whether the evidence statement supports or refutes the clinical significance of an event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      One of 'Supports' or 'Does Not Support', indicating whether the evidence statement supports or refutes the clinical significance of an event.
```
